README.md, before:

# ShadoXmonad

## Window manager of the shadows.

With a beautiful colorscheme, and many configuration options, shadoXmonad
has a nice set of weapons for you to fight the shadows and shine your light
of efficiency and power!

## Install

Super simple install. You do not even need `xmonad`/`xmonad-contrib`/`xmobar`
as dependencies. They will all be built locally for you so that

1. You aren't in haskell dependency hell on your root system
2. You get the power of bleeding edge xmonad with many features!

Simply clone the repository and run the setup script provided from your xmonad
directory.

```bash
❱  git clone https://github.com/Shadorain/shadoXmonad ~/.xmonad
❱  cd ~/.xmonad/      # default location
❱  chmod +x ./setup
❱  ./setup
❱  xmonad --recompile # should compile with no errors
```

You may receive a warning that you need to add `~/.local/bin` to your path.
This is so that the `build` script can run `xmonad` without a full path. 
To add this to your path you simply can add `export PATH=$PATH:~/.local/bin/`
to your sourced initialization shell script (ie: `~/.bashrc`, `~/.zshrc`).

If the setup script and compiling exits with no errors then you are set
and ready to use shadoXmonad!
If you are running a display manager, make sure to add it as an entry to it.
If you are not like me, then simply add `exec xmonad` to your `~/.xinitrc` file
and this will run on startup to load into `xmonad`.

Hope you all enjoy. I plan to add a list of keybinds and features of my window
manager here sometime in the future. For screenshots, check out my main page here:
[| Shadorain's Github |](https://github.com/Shadorain) and scroll down some :D!

Commit message:

Updated README with a potential dependency

README.md, after:

# ShadoXmonad

## Window manager of the shadows.

With a beautiful colorscheme, and many configuration options, shadoXmonad
has a nice set of weapons for you to fight the shadows and shine your light
of efficiency and power!

## Install

Super simple install. You do not even need `xmonad`/`xmonad-contrib`/`xmobar`
as dependencies. They will all be built locally for you so that:

1. You aren't in haskell dependency hell on your root system
2. You get the power of bleeding edge xmonad with many features!

One thing you may need as a dependency before hand is this package which may
be only if you are on Void Linux but it symlinks libraries that are needed:
`ncurses-libtinfo-devel`. Make sure to install this before you run setup

Simply clone the repository and run the setup script provided from your xmonad
directory.

```bash
❱  git clone https://github.com/Shadorain/shadoXmonad ~/.xmonad
❱  cd ~/.xmonad/      # default location
❱  chmod +x ./setup
❱  ./setup
❱  xmonad --recompile # should compile with no errors
```

You may receive a warning that you need to add `~/.local/bin` to your path.
This is so that the `build` script can run `xmonad` without a full path. 
To add this to your path you simply can add `export PATH=$PATH:~/.local/bin/`
to your sourced initialization shell script (ie: `~/.bashrc`, `~/.zshrc`).

If the setup script and compiling exits with no errors then you are set
and ready to use shadoXmonad!
If you are running a display manager, make sure to add it as an entry to it.
If you are not like me, then simply add `exec xmonad` to your `~/.xinitrc` file
and this will run on startup to load into `xmonad`.

Hope you all enjoy. I plan to add a list of keybinds and features of my window
manager here sometime in the future. For screenshots, check out my main page here:
[| Shadorain's Github |](https://github.com/Shadorain) and scroll down some :D!
